Q..What is Emmet?
Emmet are basically the acroynym which reflects wholw amount of code snippet that makes our code faster and more efficient.

Q..Library vs Framework
The technical difference between a framework and library lies in a term called inversion of control.

When you use a library, you are in charge of the flow of the application. You are choosing when and where to call the library. When you use a framework, the framework is in charge of the flow. It provides some places for you to plug in your code, but it calls the code you plugged in as needed.

Q.. What is CDN? Why do we use it?
A CDN (content delivery network), also called a content distribution network, is a group of geographically distributed and interconnected servers. They provide cached internet content from a network location closest to a user to speed up its delivery.

The primary goal of a CDN is to improve web performance by reducing the time needed to send content and rich media to users. Today, CDNs serve the bulk of web traffic, including traffic from well-known websites such as Facebook, Netflix and Amazon.
CDN are used by the CDN Link which are embedded in the application in case of React it is embedded in the script tag.

Q..Why is React known as React?
React is one of many libraries and it's completely frontend and specializes in things that the user interacts with when they're using a website. This could be buttons, search bars and menus. “And it's called React because it reacts.

● What is crossorigin in script tag?
The crossorigin attribute sets the mode of the request to an HTTP CORS Request.

Web pages often make requests to load resources on other servers. Here is where CORS comes in.

A cross-origin request is a request for a resource (e.g. style sheets, iframes, images, fonts, or scripts) from another domain.

● What is diference between React and ReactDOM

React is a JavaScript library for building User Interfaces and ReactDOM is the JavaScript library that allows React to interact with the DOM. Think again. As the name implies, ReactDOM is the glue between React and the DOM.

● What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?
In production mode, compression and minification of Javascript and other resources happens to reduce size of the code which is not the case when it comes to development mode. Performance will be much faster in production mode when compared to development mode.

● What is async and defer?
Akshay Saini ka vdo dekh lo
